In the last section we looked at the redux API without any re-act now see how to integrate redux into
react to application.
So our objectives will be to describe re-act redux use the provider component to share store and use
connect to map state the props and map dispatch to perhaps we'll see what that means when we get to
it.
So re-act redux is a library that facilitates integrating react with redux.
It exposes a provider component and it connects function which we use to hook redux up to react and
provider along with CONNECT handle's setting up listeners and passing state to component's so to install
re-act redux.
It's just NPM installed dasht us save re-act relax and don't forget you also need redux installed.
So this is an example of setting up re-act redux with a re-act app very similar to react router.
You're going to wrap your toplevel app component in a provider and then you want to create a store just
like we saw before using create store and pass in a root reducer and that store will be a prop to your
provider.
Now notice here we're importing create store from Rita so we don't have to say redox not create store
anymore.
We could just use to create store function directly and our reducers coming in from a reducers file.
Once we've set up our store we need a way of getting the state out of the store and into our components.
So in this example I have a very simple component called bold name.
It takes in a name as a prop and just puts strong tags around it.
Assuming I have a key of name in my state in order to pass that into my component as a prop I need to
implement this map state to prop's function and the parameter that function is the entire state of your
application and what you return is the piece of state that just this component cares about.
So there could be hundreds of keys in the state object but the only one I care about for this component
is name.
So I'm going to pass name in as a prop and the value of name will be state that name.
Now in order to hook that up to your component you will export default not just bold name but the connect
function which first takes map state to Propst as a parameter and then returns a new function and then
with that new function you'll pass in your component.
So this is what you'll typically see and react.
Now in the last example we saw a component that needed some state out of the store but what about a
component that needs to dispatch an action.
Well that's what the second parameter of connectors for the function name is typically map dispatch
to prop's So this function gets two parameters.
Dispatch and the prop's of that component and returns an object.
The keys of the object are what props you want to pass to the component and the values are functions.
The function typically invokes dispatch with an action.
So inside of this component whenever I do an on click I'll use the delete name Propp which is a function
that dispatched an action to delete that name.
So this is what it looks like using both components together.
Since we already export a bold name and delete name with CONNECT we don't need to do connect here.
And the two components are already hooked up to state and to dispatch so we don't need to add any additional
prompts so this will render a button that I can use to delete the name and the name itself.
Now it's your turn.
Next up we're going to work on an exercise to use redux.